Please find my answers to the questions in TASK-2: OPEN QUESTIONS below:

Question 1: 1. What are typical measures for the quality of an audio file?

Answer: 
      (i) Bit rate: It denotes the amount of data encoded per unit of time in the audio file. Higher bitrate generally leads to better quality, but more data is used to represent the audio.
      (ii) Sample rate in Hertz :  It denotes the number of samples of audio taken per second. Higher sample rates capture more detail, hence better audio quality. (Same concept can be associated with bit depth)
      (iii) Signal to Noise Ratio (SNR) in db: It compares the level of the desired signal to the level of the noise. The higher the SNR, the better the quality.
      (iv) Other metrics proved successful in literature: SI-SDR (Scale-Invariant Signal-to-Distortion Ratio), SI-SNR (Scale-Invariant Signal-to-Noise Ratio), and dynamic range
      
      Specifically for the speech signals the following metrics can be used:
      (i) STOI (Short-Time Objective Intelligibility):  It compares the short-time segments of the clean and degraded speech signals.
      (ii) PESQ (Perceptual Evaluation of Speech Quality):  It compares the original and processed signals based on human perception to provide a quality score.
      (iii) MUSHRA (MUltiple Stimuli with Hidden Reference and Anchor): It is a method used in subjective audio quality evaluation tests

Question 2: What would be your approach/method to make them comparable independent of the original audio recording setup?

      Answer: 
            To make audio files comparable and independent of the original recording setup, following approaches can be used:
            (i) Normalizing audio levels: Adjusting the volume levels of different audio files to ensure they have similar loudness levels
            (ii) Converting to a common format: Converting all audio files to a common format and bitrate 
            (iii) Applying standard procedure to all audio files
            (iv) Using objective measures given in the first answer

Question 3: Can you see any issues with your method (e.g. for specific features or the features you implemented in the previous task)?

      Answer:
            In the speech ratio calculation, the VAD package might need the internet to download packages. To combat this, a project can utilize offline VAD or 
            separation packages such as demucs.  SNR calculation is based on the signal power. This might be affected by a noisy signal (but appropriate SNR value 
            will be calculated.)

